good idea blue skin technology it's
really important that we look after
people skin not just short term but long
term when i first started deeply skin
technology what i was looking at was
first of all skill management and people
thought we were doing something cosmetic
here or maybe even on the beauty side
but we don't we don't class that starts
not at all its aesthetics and i started
really my interest was in laser first of
all an intense pulse light because of
what they can do pigment removal thread
then remove all the skin rejuvenation
that they provide but actually it's
developed into much more than that so
what we do is we take people through a
journey from when they first come in
into looking after their skin and it's
not just about the treatments that would
provide but also about helping them to
manage the skin at home long-term you
know be typically when you're driving
Andrew glassy phase at some point in my
childhood I'd given up on my face
believe in myself to be just plain
unattractive I used to avoid mirrors
because well they just disappointed me
three sessions with you and suddenly for
the first time I love the way I look
deep blue skin technology is a real find
as a first time customer at deep blue I
was intrigued to find out what condition
my skin was in I enjoyed my treatment
and I came away with a clear
understanding of I'll have to keep my
skin in great condition my friends keep
telling me I look well and fabulous but
they can't work out why the change has
been so so I feel confident that I'm
doing the best for my skin and I have
noticed a significant improvement
already the results were better than
that
together skipping my confidence a real
boost till I can't thank you enough for
your amazing skill you really have
changed my life
you